Good evening everyone!, Thank you for this wonderful opportunity to talk infront of you all about the cybersecurity for generationZ.
By the way that was a wonderful story from my friend, hariharan, about the cicada mystery, I hope no one is bored!. Even if you are thats alright I know hari is not the best person to look upto when it comes to teaching something fun. I hope atleast
what we are about to learn now might help feel you more intrigued about cybersecurity. OK! so my presentation is about phishing and clickjacking.

I hope about 70% of you must have come across the term phishing.

Phishing is a type of cyber attack where a webpage pretends to be another page, like for instance  i am going to use a framework to demonstrate a phishing attack ~[show demo]~ now this is not a real website but lets say I am able to port forward this to hari and him being greedy clicks on the link and gives me his ig creds,now if go to my terminal and check i can see his username and password , now  next thing we know is him having mental breakdown because I hacked his accnt.. Now this was completely done by a framework. we can do this more manually by creating an html page and having some maliciious code to keylog your strokes. This is still one of the nefarious attacks that the young generation people fall into. There are about 3.4 billion phishing emails that are sent daily and the annual number goes beyong one trillion.

Clickjacking is another type cyber attack which involves loading of another page inside an already exsisting page and luring the victim to click on it. So this attack usually takes place at different webpages. You might have seen some of them as ads. unlike phishing ,clickingjacking doesnt involve any type of giving out credentials, it simply requires a click and thats pretty much it for your entire system to get compromised.~[show demo]~. Here I created a simple webpage using HTML CSS and JS. My friend hari comes across this website and decided to go check whats inside. Here it says free coupon and now hari being greedy again for some cheap priced samosas clicks the link as soon as he sees it. As soon as he clicks it , An exe file starts installing, hari without a single hesitation install the exe file only to realize that there was no coupon at all. It was just a calculator app. BUT! what if it wasnt calculator app. It could be anything else. A virus,ransomware or even a reverse shell to his system. and now hari , along with his ig account, his laptop is also gone. According to some researchers, there are more than 43 mill visits of such sites each day.

So how do we prevent ourselves from being a  victim to such attacks.
The first and foremost method is simply by being aware, being aware of the links that we click. Being aware of the sites we visit. There is a famous sentence that goes "the devil is in the details" . Every fake link , every fake website have something odd about them , there will be a spelling mistake about them apart from their actual site. so by being aware most of can secure our systems from any such attack

The next thing we can do is keep our systems up-to-date. There are constantly new updates that gets released on all our devices. Keeping our systems up-to-date means upgrading our security feature . We upgrade our systems primarily because a possible vulnerabilty was formed on the version that was used, this is why upgrading is done and it is important to keep our devices up-to-date 

On that note, I would like to conclude my presentation with a famous cyber quote "Security should be built in, not bolt-on.".
Thank you everyone.
